https://www.mongodb.com/cloud
https://randomkeygen.com/ - random password generator
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_image_text.asp - text on images
https://www.name-generator.org.uk/quick/ - name generator
https://www.fantasynamegenerators.com/film-studio-names.php - studio generator

https://unsplash.com/photos/ig7vN6OkGNE - boxing, Photo by Attentie Attentie
https://unsplash.com/photos/oMpAz-DN-9I - moon, Photo by Greg Rakozy 
https://unsplash.com/photos/-EXF9shcTO0 - racing, Photo by Ralph Blvmberg
https://unsplash.com/photos/Nyvq2juw4_o - city, Photo by Pedro Lastra
https://unsplash.com/photos/boz4mBOeR2U - neighborhood, Photo by Matt Donders 
https://unsplash.com/photos/q7ZTzWxWP_Q - face, Photo by jose aljovin
https://unsplash.com/photos/tA46Ozle6Og - house, Photo by Matthew T Rader
https://unsplash.com/photos/JsuBKjHGDMM - mountain, Photo by Tron Le
https://unsplash.com/photos/83zRhEhFMfo - sunglasses, Photo by Sai Kiran Anagani
https://unsplash.com/photos/_QnPkc4C6E4 - beach, Photo by Anders Wideskott
https://unsplash.com/photos/mSoetyVbW_Y - seaport, Photo by Alessio Lin 
https://unsplash.com/photos/rX12B5uX7QM - drowning, Photo by Ian Espinosa 
https://unsplash.com/photos/NMk1Vggt2hg - grab, Photo by Daniel Jensen
https://unsplash.com/photos/Jigc7F9q7Ik - skull, Photo by Max Kleinen
https://unsplash.com/photos/AbNO2iejoXA - dog, Photo by Ryan Walton
https://unsplash.com/photos/5Rgr_zI7pBw - ship, Photo by Dorian Mongel 
https://unsplash.com/photos/9cRDDvhpBRw - handholding, Photo by Valentin Antonucci 
https://unsplash.com/photos/DJ_kZaITX78 - couple, Photo by Abdul Gani M
https://unsplash.com/photos/xgsbOPIx75I - rose, Photo by Mathilda Khoo
https://unsplash.com/photos/hYr1wGeDSU0 - woman, Photo by Dollar Gill
https://unsplash.com/photos/Sj0iMtq_Z4w - people, Photo by Chang Duong 
https://unsplash.com/photos/aoEwuEH7YAs - man, Photo by Lucas GouvÃªa